so they brought the Ark of God and set
it in the midst of the tabernacle that
David had erected for it then they
offered burnt offerings and peace
offerings before God and when David had
finished offering the burnt offerings
and the peace offerings he blessed the
people in the name of the law
then he distributed to everyone of
Israel both man and woman to everyone a
loaf of bread a piece of meat and a cake
of raisins and he appointed some of the
Levites to minister before the Ark of
the Lord to commemorate to thank and to
praise the Lord God of Israel
Asaph the chief and next to him
Zechariah then Jil shamira Mothe cahaya
mattifier Eliab binaya and obed-edom jio
with stringed instruments and harps but
a surf made music with cymbals benaiah
and jahaziel the priests regularly blew
the trumpets before the Ark of the
Covenant of God on that day David first
delivered this Psalm into the hand of a
SEF and his brethren to thank the Lord o
give thanks to the lord call upon his
name make known his deeds among the
peoples sing to him sing psalms to him
talk of all his wondrous works glory in
his holy name let the hearts of those
rejoice who seek the Lord seek the Lord
and his strength seek his face evermore
remember his marvelous works which he
has done his wonders and the judgments
of his mouth o seed of Israel his
servant you children of Jacob his chosen
ones he is the Lord our God his
judgments are in all the earth remember
his covenant forever
the word which he commanded for a
thousand generations the covenant which
he made with Abraham and his oath to
Isaac and confirmed it to Jacob for a
statute to Israel for an everlasting
covenant saying to you I will give the
land of Canaan as the allotment of your
inheritance when you were few in number
indeed very few and strangers in it when
they went from one nation to another and
from one kingdom to another people he
permitted no man to do them wrong
yes he rebuked Kings for their sakes
saying do not touch my anointed ones and
do my prophets no harm sing to the Lord
all the earth proclaim the good news of
his salvation from day to day declare
his glory among the nations his wonders
among all peoples for the Lord is great
and greatly to be praised
he is also to be feared above all gods
for all the gods of the peoples are
idols but the Lord made the heavens
honor and Majesty are before him
strength and gladness are in his place
give to the Lord of families of the
peoples give to the Lord glory and
strength give to the Lord the glory due
his name bring an offering and come
before him Oh
worship the Lord in the beauty of
holiness tremble before him all the
earth the world also is firmly
established it shall not be moved let
the heavens rejoice and let the earth be
glad and let them say among the nation's
the Lord raised let the sea roar and all
its fullness
let the field rejoice and all that is in
it then the trees of the woods shall
rejoice before the Lord for he is coming
to judge the earth give thanks to the
Lord for he is good for his mercy
endures forever and say save us O God of
our salvation gather us together and
deliver us from the Gentiles to give
thanks to your holy name to triumph in
your praise blessed be the Lord God of
Israel from everlasting to everlasting
and all the people said and praised the
Lord so he left ASA and his brothers
there before the Ark of the Covenant of
the Lord to Minister before the Ark
regularly as every day's work required
and obed-edom with his 68 brethren
including obed-edom the son of jeju
'then and HOSA to be gatekeepers and
Zadok the priest and his brethren the
priests before the tabernacle of the
Lord at the high place that was at
Gibeon to offer burnt offerings to the
Lord on the altar of burnt-offering
regularly morning and evening and to do
according to all that is written in the
law of the Lord which he commanded
Israel and with them Heymann and jeju
'then and the rest who were chosen who
were designated by name to give thanks
to the lord because his mercy endures
forever and with them Heymann and jeju
'then to sound aloud with trumpets and
cymbals and the musical instruments of
God
now the sons of Jeju --them were
gatekeepers then all the people departed
every man to his house and David
returned to bless his house